ernest hemingway's soldier of fortune
who can always be found where adventure
beckons now takes you to the danger zone
of the mid-atlantic where strange ships
slipped through the fog with even
stranger cargoes where every man has a
price and every woman a past where all
barriers are down and the only law is
the law of the Caribbean
pull your guns go ahead go ahead get him
on dolphins pushing me around long
enough
I'm hard to get Steve all you have to do
is ask me you know what you're getting
into it's gonna be rough now you
shouldn't have come up here it's too
much of a chance I told you downstairs I
can take care then come up for that I'm
sorry for the way I've acted oh you're
not sorry at all
get aside cuz you made a fool of
yourself that broke as easy as you we'll
both gonna take a beating til someone
uses that phone that means one of he's
gonna take a beating but nothing and I
don't care which one it is would you do
that for I'm wondering whether I'd like
it what's the decision I don't know yet
it's even better when you help stand by
that we'll wait a minute give me that
gun you can't fight them guys Harry
you